Lionel Messi plays for Inter Miami.
Kevin De Bruyne plays for Manchester City.
Erling Haaland plays for Manchester City.
Kylian Mbappé plays for Real Madrid.
Luka Modrić plays for Real Madrid.
Jude Bellingham plays for Real Madrid.
Cristiano Ronaldo played in the Champions League.
Robert Lewandowski plays for Barcelona.
Mohamed Salah plays for Liverpool.
Karim Benzema played in the Champions League.
Harry Kane plays for Bayern Munich.
Vinícius Júnior plays for Real Madrid.
Thibaut Courtois plays for Real Madrid.
Antoine Griezmann plays for Atlético Madrid.
Bernardo Silva plays for Manchester City.
Rodri plays for Manchester City.
Bukayo Saka plays for Arsenal.
Phil Foden plays for Manchester City.
Victor Osimhen plays for Napoli.
Joshua Kimmich plays for Bayern Munich.
Rafael Leão plays for AC Milan.
Lautaro Martínez plays for Inter Milan.
Pedri plays for Barcelona.
Bruno Fernandes plays for Manchester United.
Martin Ødegaard plays for Arsenal.
Declan Rice plays for Arsenal.
Gavi plays for Barcelona.
Jamal Musiala plays for Bayern Munich.
Florian Wirtz plays for Bayer Leverkusen.
Alisson Becker plays for Liverpool.
Ederson plays for Manchester City.
Trent Alexander-Arnold plays for Liverpool.
Achraf Hakimi plays for Paris Saint-Germain.
Ruben Dias plays for Manchester City.
Virgil van Dijk plays for Liverpool.
Lionel Messi is from Argentina.
Cristiano Ronaldo is from Portugal.
Kevin De Bruyne is from Belgium.
Kylian Mbappé is from France.
Erling Haaland is from Norway.
Jude Bellingham is from England.
Luka Modrić is from Croatia.
Vinícius Júnior is from Brazil.
Mohamed Salah is from Egypt.
Robert Lewandowski is from Poland.
Harry Kane is from England.
Thibaut Courtois is from Belgium.
Antoine Griezmann is from France.
Bernardo Silva is from Portugal.
Rodri is from Spain.
Lamine Yamal plays for Barcelona.
Raphinha plays for Barcelona.
Frenkie de Jong plays for Barcelona.
Federico Valverde plays for Real Madrid.
Aurelien Tchouameni plays for Real Madrid.
Eduardo Camavinga plays for Real Madrid.
Antonio Rudiger plays for Real Madrid.
Eder Militao plays for Real Madrid.
Jack Grealish plays for Manchester City.
John Stones plays for Manchester City.
Manuel Akanji plays for Manchester City.
Gabriel Jesus plays for Arsenal.
William Saliba plays for Arsenal.
Gabriel Martinelli plays for Arsenal.
Kai Havertz plays for Arsenal.
Darwin Nunez plays for Liverpool.
Alexis Mac Allister plays for Liverpool.
Dominik Szoboszlai plays for Liverpool.
Luis Diaz plays for Liverpool.
Diogo Jota plays for Liverpool.
Marcus Rashford plays for Manchester United.
Kobbie Mainoo plays for Manchester United.
Alejandro Garnacho plays for Manchester United.
Rasmus Hojlund plays for Manchester United.
Cole Palmer plays for Chelsea.
Enzo Fernandez plays for Chelsea.
Reece James plays for Chelsea.
Moises Caicedo plays for Chelsea.
Heung-Min Son plays for Tottenham Hotspur.
James Maddison plays for Tottenham Hotspur.
Cristian Romero plays for Tottenham Hotspur.
Dejan Kulusevski plays for Tottenham Hotspur.
Leroy Sane plays for Bayern Munich.
Manuel Neuer plays for Bayern Munich.
Alphonso Davies plays for Bayern Munich.
Dayot Upamecano plays for Bayern Munich.
Serge Gnabry plays for Bayern Munich.
Ousmane Dembele plays for Paris Saint-Germain.
Gianluigi Donnarumma plays for Paris Saint-Germain.
Marquinhos plays for Paris Saint-Germain.
Warren Zaire-Emery plays for Paris Saint-Germain.
Vitinha plays for Paris Saint-Germain.
Nicolo Barella plays for Inter Milan.
Hakan Calhanoglu plays for Inter Milan.
Alessandro Bastoni plays for Inter Milan.
Federico Dimarco plays for Inter Milan.
Theo Hernandez plays for AC Milan.
Mike Maignan plays for AC Milan.
Christian Pulisic plays for AC Milan.
Tijjani Reijnders plays for AC Milan.
Granit Xhaka plays for Bayer Leverkusen.
Jeremie Frimpong plays for Bayer Leverkusen.
Alex Grimaldo plays for Bayer Leverkusen.
Jonathan Tah plays for Bayer Leverkusen.
Gregor Kobel plays for Borussia Dortmund.
Julian Brandt plays for Borussia Dortmund.
Donyell Malen plays for Borussia Dortmund.
Niclas Fullkrug plays for Borussia Dortmund.
Khvicha Kvaratskhelia plays for Napoli.
Giovanni Di Lorenzo plays for Napoli.
Stanislav Lobotka plays for Napoli.
Piotr Zielinski plays for Napoli.
Lois Openda plays for RB Leipzig.
Benjamin Sesko plays for RB Leipzig.
Xavi Simons plays for RB Leipzig.
Nicolas Otamendi plays for Benfica.
Angel Di Maria plays for Benfica.
Jan Oblak plays for Atletico Madrid.
Rodrigo De Paul plays for Atletico Madrid.
Lamine Yamal is from Spain.
Raphinha is from Brazil.
Frenkie de Jong is from Netherlands.
Federico Valverde is from Uruguay.
Aurelien Tchouameni is from France.
Eduardo Camavinga is from France.
Antonio Rudiger is from Germany.
Eder Militao is from Brazil.
Jack Grealish is from England.
John Stones is from England.
Manuel Akanji is from Switzerland.
William Saliba is from France.
Gabriel Martinelli is from Brazil.
Kai Havertz is from Germany.
Darwin Nunez is from Uruguay.
Alexis Mac Allister is from Argentina.
Dominik Szoboszlai is from Hungary.
Luis Diaz is from Colombia.
Diogo Jota is from Portugal.
Marcus Rashford is from England.
Kobbie Mainoo is from England.
Alejandro Garnacho is from Argentina.
Rasmus Hojlund is from Denmark.
Cole Palmer is from England.
Enzo Fernandez is from Argentina.
Reece James is from England.
Moises Caicedo is from Ecuador.
Heung-Min Son is from South Korea.
James Maddison is from England.
Cristian Romero is from Argentina.
Dejan Kulusevski is from Sweden.
Leroy Sane is from Germany.
Manuel Neuer is from Germany.
Alphonso Davies is from Canada.
Dayot Upamecano is from France.
Serge Gnabry is from Germany.
Ousmane Dembele is from France.
Gianluigi Donnarumma is from Italy.
Marquinhos is from Brazil.
Warren Zaire-Emery is from France.
Vitinha is from Portugal.
Nicolo Barella is from Italy.
Hakan Calhanoglu is from Turkey.
Alessandro Bastoni is from Italy.
Federico Dimarco is from Italy.
Theo Hernandez is from France.
Mike Maignan is from France.
Christian Pulisic is from United States.
Tijjani Reijnders is from Netherlands.
Granit Xhaka is from Switzerland.
Jeremie Frimpong is from Netherlands.
Alex Grimaldo is from Spain.
Jonathan Tah is from Germany.
Gregor Kobel is from Switzerland.
Julian Brandt is from Germany.
Donyell Malen is from Netherlands.
Niclas Fullkrug is from Germany.
Khvicha Kvaratskhelia is from Georgia.
Giovanni Di Lorenzo is from Italy.
Stanislav Lobotka is from Slovakia.
Lois Openda is from Belgium.
Benjamin Sesko is from Slovenia.
Xavi Simons is from Netherlands.
Nicolas Otamendi is from Argentina.
Angel Di Maria is from Argentina.
Jan Oblak is from Slovenia.
Rodrigo De Paul is from Argentina.
Sergio Ramos played in the Champions League.
Andres Iniesta played in the Champions League.
Xavi Hernandez played in the Champions League.
Neymar Jr played in the Champions League.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic played in the Champions League.
Wayne Rooney played in the Champions League.
Frank Lampard played in the Champions League.
Steven Gerrard played in the Champions League.
Ronaldinho played in the Champions League.
Kaka played in the Champions League.
Paolo Maldini played in the Champions League.
Andrea Pirlo played in the Champions League.
Arjen Robben played in the Champions League.
Franck Ribery played in the Champions League.
Didier Drogba played in the Champions League.
Samuel Etoo played in the Champions League.
Thierry Henry played in the Champions League.
David Beckham played in the Champions League.
Raul Gonzalez played in the Champions League.
Iker Casillas played in the Champions League.
Gianluigi Buffon played in the Champions League.
Gerard Pique played in the Champions League.
Carles Puyol played in the Champions League.
Clarence Seedorf played in the Champions League.
Pavel Nedved played in the Champions League.
